ClockShark Export 

Converter Overview 
The ClockShark Export Converter is
a powerful application designed to streamline the process of using
ClockShark timecard export data with accounting software. It saves users
valuable time when running payroll by automating the conversion and
integration of data.

Features Mass Export CSV Import: The application allows users to import
mass export CSV files generated from ClockShark effortlessly. This
ensures a seamless integration of timecard data into the system.

Custom Column Selection: Users can choose which columns from the
imported CSV file they want to include in the new export. Additionally,
they have the flexibility to specify new names for these columns,
enabling personalized data organization.

Time Structure Options: The application provides users with the ability
to choose between the original structure for regular time, overtime, and
double time, or combine them into a single pay component column. This
empowers users to tailor the exported data based on their accounting
software's requirements.

Email Integration: The ClockShark Export Converter seamlessly integrates
with email functionality. After the conversion process, the application
sends an email with the modified CSV file attached. The email recipient
is automatically retrieved from the saved email within the MongoDB
database, enhancing convenience and efficiency.

Benefits Time Saving: By automating the conversion and integration
process, the application significantly reduces the manual effort
required to use ClockShark timecard export data with accounting
software. Users can now focus on other critical tasks, saving valuable
time during payroll processing.

Enhanced Accuracy: With the ability to customize column names and select
specific columns for export, users can ensure that the data is
accurately mapped to their accounting software. This reduces the risk of
errors and improves overall data integrity.

Improved Integration: The ClockShark Export Converter provides seamless
integration with email functionality. Users can easily share the
converted data with the appropriate recipients, ensuring efficient
communication and collaboration within the organization.

Getting Started To get started with the ClockShark Export Converter,
follow these steps:

Install the application on your system. Refer to the installation guide
for detailed instructions.

Launch the application and log in using your credentials.

Import the mass export CSV file from ClockShark. The application will
guide you through the import process.

Select the desired columns for the new export and specify new names for
them, if needed.

Choose the time structure options that best suit your accounting
software requirements.

Verify the details and initiate the conversion process.

Once the conversion is complete, the application will automatically send
an email with the modified CSV file attached. The recipient email will
be fetched from the saved email within the MongoDB database.

License The ClockShark Export Converter is licensed under the MIT
License. Please refer to the LICENSE file for more information.
